Create changes file (#221)
trinodb/trino-python-client: CHANGES.md

# History of changes and releases

Release dates, binaries. and other information for the Trino Python client are
available with the [tags
list](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/tags) and the
[README](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/blob/master/README.md).

## Trino Python client 0.316.0

* Add support for SQLAlchemy queries to access multiple catalogs by specifying

>   a `trino_catalog` argument to SQLAlchemy `Table` objects. (#186)

Reviewer: Does `#186` link to a PR or it misses a link?

Reviewer 2: good point. It looks like the magic linking only works in PR/issue comments and commit messages.

I'll fix this.

Reviewer 2: Looks like this now. Thanks for catching.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10473142/191476944-9bc45c6d-7950-4737-af9d-658d5b33f9d9.png)

# History of changes and releases

Release dates, binaries, and other information for the Trino Python client are
available in the [tags
list](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/tags), the
[README](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/blob/master/README.md)
and the [PyPI page](https://pypi.org/project/trino/).

## Trino Python client 0.316.0

* Add support for SQLAlchemy queries to access multiple catalogs by specifying
  a `trino_catalog` argument to SQLAlchemy `Table` objects.
  ([#186](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/issues/186))
* Improve performance when a cursor with `experimental_python_types` is used.
  ([#206](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/issues/206))

> * Fix incorrect results for `get_table_comment` in SQLAlchemy when two tables
>   having same name and schema exist in different catalogs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fix incorrect results for `get_table_comment` in SQLAlchemy when two tables
  with the same name and schema exist in different catalogs.
```

  ([#217](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/issues/217))

> * Remove spurious logging of HTTP responses when query is cancelled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Remove spurious logging of HTTP responses when a query is cancelled.
```

[README](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/blob/master/README.md).

## Trino Python client 0.315.0

* Add support for the `USE catalog.schema` statement.
* Add support for the `SET ROLE` statement.
* Make DBAPI errors PEP 249 compatible.

## Trino Python client 0.314.0

* Support for `time(p)` and `timestamp(p)` in SQLAlchemy.
* Fix failure when building `INSERT` statement from `WITH` clause in SQLAlchemy.

## Trino Python client 0.313.0

* Support `executemany` method in DBAPI
* Support keyring to securely cache the OAuth2 token
* Support client tags
* Improve type mapping

## Trino Python client 0.311.0

* Introduce `experimental_python_types` flag for decimal, date, time, timestamp
  with time zone and timestamp types.
* Add JWT token support via connection string in sqlalchemy.
* Get table comment from system catalog in sqlalchemy.

## Trino Python client 0.310.0

* Support SQLAlchemy in old server versions.
* Fix handling transaction requests in auto-commit mode.
* Add CertificateAuthentication class for cert based authentication.
* Add support for `extra_credential`.
* Fix `LIMIT` clause in SQLAlchemy.

## Trino Python client 0.309.0

> * Add support for SQLAlchemy (requires Trino version >= 352).

Reviewer 4: empty line above list

* Fix multiple challenges handling in OAuth2.

## Trino Python client 0.308.0

* Add support full OAuth2 flow for authentication.
* Fix encode/decode error for session properties.
* Expose info_uri from query status in Cursor.
* Retry on 504 gateway timeout responses.
* Use HTTPS when port is 443.

## Trino Python client 0.306.0

> * Add support for JWT Authentication (https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/pull/79)

Reviewer 4: Remove link to PRs here

* Remove support for Python 2.7 (https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/pull/70)

> * Remove support for Python 3.5 (https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/pull/83)

Reviewer 4: Add a note about older version here

# History of changes and releases

Release dates, binaries. and other information for the Trino Python client are
available with the [tags
list](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/tags) and the
[README](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-python-client/blob/master/README.md).

## Trino Python client 0.316.0

* Add support for SQLAlchemy queries to access multiple catalogs by specifying
  a `trino_catalog` argument to SQLAlchemy `Table` objects. (#186)
* Improve performance when a cursor with `experimental_python_types` is used.
  (#206)
* Fix incorrect results for `get_table_comment` in SQLAlchemy when two tables
  having same name and schema exist in different catalogs. (#217)

> * Remove spurious logging of HTTP responses when query is cancelled. (#216)

Reviewer 2: I added these for 0.316.0.

Reviewer 2: @colebow can you review this please.
